---
tags:
  - Structure
  - First-Reading
  - Overviews
---
### Overview
A slightly oversized and overdone Worldbuilding project, single-handed-ly done by me. 
Originally designed as D&D(ish) + Home-brew setting, has expanded out and beyond that ever since. Currently ^[(11.06.24)] in the process of removing D&D-related structures. 
There's little understandable or coherent, linked story going on, since my interests are more in the entire overarching environment and such. But you'll find some texts that are from the point of view of a individual, who might become a persistent character. Who knows.[^1]
Please read what we put [[Towards the Reader]].  
### Themes
There’s no consistent (intended) theme aside from “the world is horrible yet we keep on pushing” and issues arising from that, so, have fun! 
**In terms of genres and bullet points this project includes:**
- Computer- and machine-centrist fiction (Primarily in the Third Era)
	- Cyberpunk, related digital concepts 
- Steampunk and derivatives seen in the worship of the Mechanical God
	- Somewhat own interpretation of steampunk and such
		- represented in Thylyist of the Second Era
- A mostly-fleshed out magic system
- 40-60%ish Mapped out continent with regional oddities
	- Read [[Locations and You]] for such. 
- Themes of modifying life
	- Through Technology, = augmentation
	- Through Magic, = Sarkicism/Nolkan practices
- Not to forget, various dystopian/grim-dark views of the world
- [[Universal Pantheon]] of Deities who rose after the [[Theophagy|Death of Divinity]]. 
### Starting To Read
Start here: 
- [[Faction Overview]]
- [[Things that Need Fixing]]
- If careless about spoilers: [[Major Plotlines]]
* For the magic system, consider reading around [[Twilit]] and [[Twilit Casting]]. 
* Lifeforms and species are described in [[Species of Servilia]]. 
* The files in the WIP or Projects/Workpieces directory are mostly texts sourced from sudden inspiration, and those are the most coherent in terms of action. 
* [[Regarding the Planets and Star]] explains the current state of the solar system. 
* Starting Today the #First-Reading tag shall be 
### Timeline
A coherent story/timeline is yet to come. 
However, the History of Servilia (The name of this continent) can roughly be divided into "The Past", "The Present" and "The Future".
Read [[The First Era]], [[The Second Era]] and [[The Third Era]] respectively. 
[[Before the First Era]] is quite relevant for the groundwork and theming. 
They're also available at [[Human Eras]] due to two or so other sentient species existing, but nothing from their point of view is documented (yet). 
If you took the effort to install Obsidian (hooray!) you can have a WIP timeline at [[Complete History of Servilia]], which is automatically generated by a plugin. 
### Misc
So far, the #Overviews tag should be pretty self-explanatory and helpful. 

For best reading experience, I highly advocate [Obsidian]([https://obsidian.md](https://obsidian.md/)) as editor/reader, since it enables various widely-used features like file links, tags and alike. 

Various other things exist here as well due to me using this as Notepad, but you're better off ignoring it. 


[^1]:  Because I don't. This is the nature of this entire project; ever-changing, ever-shifting.