Pillars of steel, concrete and mystery, reaching into the foul sky.
Monoliths, each bigger than you can perceive and understand. 
Surrounded by the harsh, chemical stench of a industrial complex, you stand in front of a gap, only held back by a flimsy, rusted railing. 
The abyss calls for you, the railing is weak. 
Lost you are, stuck in paralysis, unable to decide or act. 
Is it really worth it, living, slaving away, at the promise of eventual relief that you know you'll never reach?
This struggle that we call living is nothing more but wearing and tearing as neglected part of a machine, along other parts of the machine, who are just your neighbours and fellows. 
Lower down, the fog.. or is it smoke.. becomes almost impenetrable spare for the piercing flashes of vehicles and things passing by. You've only ever heard of them, but never saw one outside of the smog. 
A stinging pain fills your shoulder blades. Ah, the scars of the [wing](Broken%20Wings) surgery have broken open again. Once again... 
They refuse to heal. In retrospect, getting wings in this hellhole where the air itself corrodes anything living, was foolish at best. 
Nevertheless, you spread your wings, and the rustling of the biomechanical feathers still slightly unsettles you. Wholly extended, you barely fit on the tiny balcony-alcove, which is little more than a maintenance catwalk, the steel grid at your feet extending into the shrouded abyss. 
You loose your balance for a moment and your vision weakens as blood shifts into the wings. 
Almost breaking through the broken railing, you are remembered of the tale of beings called 'birds' learning to fly as child by being thrown off a cliff. Overwhelmed with anxiety, you grip onto the railing, which creaks, begging to be let go. 
[[2024'02'10'22-39-35|With a jank, you rip out the railing.]]