---
tags:
  - Workpiece
---
1. 
	I think my initial interpretation could stand then, dunno if it lines up with the rest of the concept. Ultimately it doesn't matter too much at a practical level as long as it does its job as a proverbial server rack keeping up the numerator shared server.
1. 
    Although I would also like to ask what's the extent of the connection between numerators, like, they have distinct personalities, but do they share their every thought and subjective sensation or is only raw statistical data being synchronized? If there's synchronization at all instead of referring to a passive connection they can use only when they decide to.
3. 
	What if I, as a numerator, instead of a coherent, distinct message comprised of something like sound or visual information, wanted to transmit a vibe? An emotion, to make a fellow numerator feel as I do rather than communicate to them a description of the feeling? Personally I'd have the hyperdense storage for that.
4. 
	"For you, a package of sadness"
	 "Wait wha-"
1. 
	You could limit it to emotions only rather than concepts, so you have a pipeline of raw data, a description of something abstract formulated by verbal, visual or auditory information, and a package of information triggering a reaction that can only described as emotional to aid on grasping the full concept, rather than beaming a thought as is, so no making people think what you think straight up.
6. 
    It'd be like a music track in a movie, it's meant to add to the intent of the scene but depending on the audience's perception and whatever context informs it*, it can mean something entirely different to them.

[[04-02-34-11.11.24]]