---
tags:
  - Workpiece
---
along the not-offensive military forces somewhere is a division or whatever unit that specialises on spec-ops delivering aid, care and civil support 
“delivers a truckload of medical supplies and shelf stable food overnight without you noticing” type beat
[[old sea brigade]]
# I'M GONNA HEARTS AND MOOOOONDS
- "All warfare is based on building your enemy's civic infrastructure for them."
	-zun tzu, The Art of Nation-Building

- Somebody once tried to mug the Hearts And Moooondser. By the time let the poor guy go, he had a degree in philosophical literature, a forklift license, a 401K, two cavities filled, and also the Hearts And Moooondser's wallet.
- As far as the Hearts And Moooondser is concerned, the Marshall Plan 
	- a) never stopped and 
	- b) applies to the entire globe.
- Walks straight through gunfire to hand wads of cash directly to the insurgents. Admittedly this does distract them while everyone else takes cover or shoots back.
- Flawlessly tracks down enemy position like a bloodhound. Arrives silently at 4AM, cooks them all breakfast, departs without a word.
	He even remembered about the guy with the nut allergy.
- Can assemble schools and hospitals solo like a character building stuff in a LEGO video game.
- Mortar shells? He just digs a well exactly where it's going to land to absorb the blast. (He can do it in five point two seconds exactly.)
- bro just one more hospital bro we just need to build one more school bro it'll be different this time this will settle the local tensions seriously bro it's different this time it'll work I swear bro