---
tags:
  - Workpiece
---
%%Please forgive me, my child. It was 05:23 to 06:06.%%
You do not know why you are here, but you have finally made it to the location you‘ve been sent to.
It is a straw-roofed hut, dare call a shed, accompanied by a crooked chimney next to a very old oak tree. In the middle of this open field.
The clanking and rattling of your battle-proven armour is nigh impossible to suppress, so you don‘t even try. Whoever‘s living in that hut already heard you a kilometre away.
Caught off-guard by a rusted but cheery voice shouting an inviting “Ha-hoo! Come on in!”, you are compelled to enter. They sound like they do not speak a lot, probably comes from the isolation. 
But before you could even reach the weathered and dirty doorstep, the door slams open on squeaky hinges. Charged with anticipation stands the apparent resident of this hut. “Welcome! Welcome! I have awaited you!”, they blurb out, confusing you with their apparent knowledge of your journey. 
Holding in for a moment, you take a breath to try and read this odd figure. They are obviously undead, as seen by the pale, papery skin and bleached hair. And very short. So short that they hardly reach your chest, and you recall that you are about 1’78 tall. And as to fit the stereotype, they wear ragged clothes with a tattered, pointy straw hat. 
”Come in, why are you standing here? Do you want to grow some roots?”, they jibe at you and your shock. Or is it awe? Nevertheless, you take the step and go inside the hut. 
Everything here seems collected, gathered. Out of place, much like someone who pickpocketed their entire household together, lacking a coherent sense of style and whatnot. Over there in the corner is a straw mat, obviously their resting place, and yet over here is a tall, barely fitting, showcase of almost certainly Thylyian nobility, full of gizmos and other gadgets you can’t make sense of. 
“Here, ehe- here! Have a seat!”, they proclaim and nudge you onto a stool, whose best times were two millennia ago. Compelled by the offer (and the sheer weight of your armour), you sit down with a clang of the segments resting. 
“So, hmm, what brought you here? Those knob- and gearheads?”, they inquire you, followed by a piercing gaze, which quickly swivels off to your knapsack and insignia, as if that could tell anything. 
You start to reply, “I am here on behalf of-“ - but get harshly interrupted. 
“Ah! The Eggheads from Duley! Should’ve guessed!”, they exclaim, followed by a murmured “I wonder what they’re up to…”.
Not in a mood to risk anything nor of your task, you refrain from telling them further information. 
***
Well, you see, you - me - everyone on this damn planet lives in a neatly wrapped gift box. I define it as gift box since it looks good and is firm in its nature until you take a closer look at it, start to tear it apart, mhmm. You see. 
But whats wrong with our world, our present is that someone left it in the rain. A dark, gloomy night with a rainstorm that’d flood every field we know. And what happens to paper if left in the rain? Correct, it gets soggy. It turns back into the pulp it was before. 
***
With a devilish grin on their face - causing some of their skin to flake off like limescale - they proclaim: 
“And in some places, the rain has hit the paper more, it is soggier. Weaker. I recall your educated folks called it *thinner*.”
“The thing here is, you know where it is soggier. Ever been to any ruin?”
…
“Exactly what i mean. You can *feel* the sogginess of our world. It’s just that people like you are blessed… or should i say blinded.. to these impressions.”
“However, a rare bunch of people are gifted, some say cursed, with a natural perception of this. Some hate it so much they’d rather die. Myself on the other hand-“
He raises his left arm, or what remains of it. It is a stump just past the elbow joint, where a metal plate is seemingly fused to the flesh.
“I am of the other opinion. I quite like it. So much that I kept going after It took my arm!”
He chuckles, and opens one door on the showcase to lift out a mechanical lower arm complete with hand, made from a yellowish metal. 
Shocked with a mix of awe and surprise you utter: ”There’s no way you got that! How and from where did you take that? The last report of one of those was-“ He interrupts you again. 
“Don’t worry, the one who this arm belongs to-“, he briefly pauses as he connects it to the plate on his stump - “are long since dead, and I wasn’t responsible for that.” Gasping for air from carrying the heavy implement, he rests his full left arm on the table and continues: “And besides - they weren’t too good - at their thing anyway. I had to - repair and change a *lot.*” “If you really need a name” - he read this question right off your face - “I believe they called them the Wahr-uhr.”[^1].
***
%%This is the part where he takes that kitchen knife and cuts a wound into the weave/twilit, tapping some blood of it and explaining how easy it actually is to tear down the paper from the wall and stare into the face of reality. The blood of the weave is black and tarry, yet shimmering like oil. Possible tangent to the dunestriders. %%

[^1]:[[Vaaruú]], lost to translation and time.