---
tags:
  - Workpieces
---
[[Random Shit I found On Etsy]]
Preparation will take roughly 3-6 weeks before shipping  
as this is a unique piece.  
  
  
  
Metatron is the universal consciousness being known as the lord of angels, legend has it that he ascended as human flesh to become his present form.  
Those who come into contact with him discover an energy the size of a cosmos and paired with an intelligence beyond human comprehension.  
Divine Light Sanctuary is a unique ascension piece funnelling ones conscious to contact and assimilate the codes of Metatron the lord of angels.  
  
One will come into contact their upper chakras channels explode open in particular the system above the crown chakra linked with ones connection to the soul allowing one to merge with the soul blueprint to be accessed allowing for past life gifts to emerge from this interaction. Greatly enhances the blissful mental state, whenever one connects the normally active emotional and mental bodies become silent further supporting the flowering of open communication with light beings.  
  
With Divine Light Sanctuary Kami crystal you're openly having the lord of angels download various higher ascension programs to advance soul growth and that of the planet as well.  
  
Imbued in a Giant Lemurian cluster (201 lbs) with rare phantoms, the tremendous incredible vibrations of the a 201 lbs lemurian with phantoms are potently enhanced and add an extra layer to this absolutely amazing masterpiece.  
  
Truly, this is the first and only we will be offering  
  
  
Codes of Light  
Highest dimensional birthing  
Lord of Angels - Universal