---
tags:
  - Workpiece
---
So, I wanna work more on the details and actual architecture/structure of [[Amida]], since that stuff is pretty neglected so far.
We know that the [[Numerator|Numerators]] are very tall structures, along with an erratic shape and footprint unique to each.
It is fair to assume that gaps between and inside of numerators exist, ranging from (liquid) channels to chasms several hundred to thousand meter deep.
Transit is an important thing to consider, given the billions of residents.  
I do not know if Amida has the classic floating cars or trains, though rail lines embedded into the sides of chasms appear feasible and reasonable.
MECHs climbing the sides of chasms, carrying cargo…
Though, LVTOLs are also used for transport.
Cargo trains might be able to unload and reorder themselves due to then having legs or such.

Open channels, artificial rivers and pipelines that seamlessly integrate with guts and veins…

How to approach the fact or concept that all pieces of numerators can shuffle and reintegrate? 
It seems way too Guh, but would contribute to the aesthetic and feeling of being a parasite in a giant‘s body


The structure and anatomy of Numerators is inherently inhumane and foreign. Geometry is both organic and artificial, drunkenly wandering the line between man-made and alien. 
The organic components and structure is fluid and motive, more alive than any building ever should be. In some places, the walls shiver on touch, and the airflow is clearly a moving breath. 

In a sense, this is hostile architecture or buildings on an incomprehensible scale  
Yet it is hard for me to imagine a city or urban zone magnitudes larger than NYC or Berlin that does not adhere to a rigid grid 