---
tags:
  - Workpiece
  - Location
  - Mekhanites
---
i really ought to design the [[Citadel of the Gear]] closer, especially the part around the heart.  
given that it's the main kinetic transmission junction of *all of capital thylyist* I have plenty of excuses and leeway for nefarious contraptions and other nonsense (like an auxiliary nuclear reactor plant)
the aesthetic of vintage story's [[Rust]], with it's decayed machines but glowing runes is amazing, who doesn't love glowing magic goop flowing through insane piping 
	something like the blood of mekhane which is a concoction of organic blood, liquefied twilit essence, oil/coolant and lubricant 
the worm. the worm. the worm. the worm.
the worm comes, it brings the rust, it will end the rules of metals and corrode them to fit its vision, one of downfall and becoming animals once more. 
The worm, the maggots, those that feast on the carrion of once-great beings. 
Those that will always triumph, the ones that destroy creations way beyond them.

i don't quite know how much I should go into body disfigurement horror here but I'd expect that the citadel does house some more practical applications of the cruelties (forced marriages)
maybe make their runes and engravings or similar magicy symbols look like part of the machinery 
ehe-he. infused screws and bolts, all the magic is barely visible because its all acting from the inside of the machinery
so if you see any magicy stuff, shit has gone *bad* and you want to *run*.
actually this is a good concept and justification in arcane engineering : ) 


[[ABNORMAL LOCATIONS AND SUCH]]